I hope you had a wonderful we all hope
you're enjoying the extra hour we got on
Sunday that I had said I had fun with
the hour i III used it to spend some
time I actually used my extra hour to
reset all the clocks of my house is so
much fun
I'll take some I'm tired of being
responsible for saving daylight it's
time for daylight to learn to save
itself yes we got an extra hour of sleep
but we also got an extra hour of Donald
Trump being President of the United
States
I'd like to set my calendar ahead a year
as of today
[Applause]
one one day short of a year from the
next presidential election interesting
fact at this point in 2015 a year ahead
of the election you know the Republican
frontrunner was for real dr. ben Carson
well it's the I mean he woke up and it
was all just a dream and then he went
back to sleeping at the White House
today the president played host to the
World Series champion Washington
Nationals it was a little bit confusing
he was under the impression he was
hosting white nationalist not the
Nationals and oh it's a baseball team
that's nice as players have been known
to do the Nationals brought the
president in our Jersey but not the
usual Jersey the players went with
something practical instead as you know
Trump did not throw out a first pitch at
a World Series game he's the only
president since 1910 who's not thrown
out a first pitch while in office but
he's done it before he did it at a Red
Sox game back in 2006 that's what you
call resting hey I'd never
really noticed a strong physical
resemblance between Trump and his older
sons until I saw this and now it's like
why it's such cute guys it's as plain as
day as you know the president got booed
at the World Series and he got booted
another sporting event on Saturday night
he was at Madison Square Garden where he
did not get a friendly reception from
his hometown of New York there were more
boos than cheers at a UFC fight of all
places do you think he'd do a Donald
Trump getting booed at the UFC is like
mayor Pete getting booed at Gap Kids it
shouldn't have but after the fight
amidst reports of the boos the
president's heirs took to Twitter to
defend Daddy and I guess they were still
jacked up on Red Vines and mountain dew
because DJ DJ wrote angrily despite the
BS from blue checkmark Twitter when we
walked in the arena it was
overwhelmingly positive which he tweeted
from his account with a blue checkmark
on Twitter
is that some kind of some new kind of
codeword for the liberal elite now the
blue checkmarks but anyway and then Eric
Trump lashed out at the media he wrote
what a joke you are the most dishonest
people the audience was chanting Donald
Trump Donald Trump followed by USA USA
Dana White said it was the greatest
entrance he has seen into a UFC I can't
wait until we went again in 2020 to
further embarrass spelled wrong your
profession nothing sums up Eric trump
like misspelling the word embarrassing
how does he misspell a word he's seen on
every birthday card since he was 5 years
old
Ouiser Trump even went to the UFC's he
thought they were going to KFC so the
boos were surprised eventually he did he
found a friendly crowd this weekend he
had a pep rally in Tupelo where he came
up with a brand new way to describe his
impending impeachment first they
engineered the Russia hoax that was a
total hoax the single greatest lies ever
moistured upon the American people like
a drunken piss Oris Trump was whistle
blowing off steam this morning he wrote
the whistleblower gave false information
and dealt with corrupt politicians ship
he must be brought forward to testify
written answers not acceptable where is
the second whistleblower he disappeared
after I released the transcript does he
even exist where is the informant Conn
written answers are unacceptable who
would ever try to submit written answers
200 you how about that
you know this idea
segi that he's calling for a
whistleblower to be unmasked
he should be impeached just for that
that is unconscionable probably illegal
this was another good one false stories
are being reported that a few Republican
senators are saying that President Trump
may have done a quid pro quo but it
doesn't matter there's nothing wrong
with that
it is not an impeachable event perhaps
so but read the transcript
there is no quid pro quo what he didn't
do it but if he did do it which he
didn't it would be okay and it is okay
that he didn't do it because he didn't
do it I think he might need to get some
quid pro prozac in his body because and
you know that big beautiful wall he's
been working on the one no one could
ever get through we're building a wall
it's gonna be a wall that is not
nobody's going through my wall Trump
builds walls I build walls people will
not be able to get through that wall
very easily this is something that you
can't cut through you can't use welders
to cut it you can't cut it down it's the
real deal an unbreakable barrier
virtually impenetrable it's gonna be
impenetrable impenetrable
well apparently smugglers in Mexico have
been sawing right through the wall with
a $99 saw
well you can cut through anything in all
fairness but we have a lot of people
watching you know cutting
but it's easily fixed one of the reasons
we did it the way we did it it's very
easily fixed with the jump back in
right right right which is why we
shouldn't have built it in the first
place say they hook through it using a
saw you can find at any hardware store
he spent the last four years saying is
gonna build a wall nobody would be able
to penetrate the minute they cut through
it he's like well yeah if you buy a saw
you're gonna be able to Olli Gotti
Wahlberg would be dumb enough to bet his
border strategy on Mexicans having never
been to a Home Depot it really is
amazing one candidate Donald Trump will
not face in 2020 is better or Roarke who
ended his presidential campaign over the
weekend apparently his base of adults
who still skateboard just wasn't big
enough and he's polling at 1% in i/o
which isn't really even a poll number
its 1% is a hydrocortisone cream but Wow
may have dropped out of the race he has
vowed to keep sending us hundreds and
thousands of emails from his campaign
until the year 2038 so that'll be nice
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it